README.md, before:

### Hexlet tests and linter status:
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/MatveiKhmyzov/python-project-lvl1/workflows/hexlet-check/badge.svg)](https://github.com/MatveiKhmyzov/python-project-lvl1/actions)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/a99a88d28ad37a79dbf6/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/codeclimate/codeclimate/maintainability)

## About project
Project "Brain Games" is a simple question-and-answer game in which you can complete all the tasks with a basic knowledge of mathematics. It is set by entering the package manager command with name 'hexlet-code' and contains five types of tests: determining the parity of numbers, calculations of simple expressions, search gcd of numbers, restoring the arithmetic progression value, definition of a number - simple or compound.
These levels are called by the corresponding commands: brain-even, brain-calc, brain-gcd, brain-progression, brain-prime.
Each of the levels are shown below in action 
 
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/Bne9pf0wem67XbF2JkihZVmwo.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/Bne9pf0wem67XbF2JkihZVmwo)
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/fZfqlRlSn7Sz62kf3GmPxC8vZ.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/fZfqlRlSn7Sz62kf3GmPxC8vZ)
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/M1f9bdxKHnOgbBe1vQ6WpW3hi.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/M1f9bdxKHnOgbBe1vQ6WpW3hi)
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/9UrLIdPpAq2XguoFZbj0KkR5F.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/9UrLIdPpAq2XguoFZbj0KkR5F)
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/BCMUVPedUUoY2z5pnvqShvAQh.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/BCMUVPedUUoY2z5pnvqShvAQh)

Commit message:

Fix errors after the first check by the mentor

README.md, after:

### Hexlet tests and linter status:
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/MatveiKhmyzov/python-project-lvl1/workflows/hexlet-check/badge.svg)](https://github.com/MatveiKhmyzov/python-project-lvl1/actions)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/20550946995a72722cba/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/MatveiKhmyzov/python-project-lvl1/maintainability)

## About project
Project "Brain Games" is a simple question-and-answer game in which you can complete all the tasks with a basic knowledge of mathematics. It is set by entering the package manager command with name 'hexlet-code' and contains five types of tests: determining the parity of numbers, calculations of simple expressions, search gcd of numbers, restoring the arithmetic progression value, definition of a number - simple or compound.
it is launched by entering the name of the corresponding game level in the terminal after installation. One of the following names must be entered: brain-even, brain-calc, brain-gcd, brain-progression, brain-prime.
Each of the levels are shown below in action:
 
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/Bne9pf0wem67XbF2JkihZVmwo.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/Bne9pf0wem67XbF2JkihZVmwo)
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/fZfqlRlSn7Sz62kf3GmPxC8vZ.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/fZfqlRlSn7Sz62kf3GmPxC8vZ)
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/M1f9bdxKHnOgbBe1vQ6WpW3hi.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/M1f9bdxKHnOgbBe1vQ6WpW3hi)
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/9UrLIdPpAq2XguoFZbj0KkR5F.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/9UrLIdPpAq2XguoFZbj0KkR5F)
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/BCMUVPedUUoY2z5pnvqShvAQh.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/BCMUVPedUUoY2z5pnvqShvAQh)
